Onelogin (#1)
taksan/authenticator-saml-onelogin: quick-start/README.md

> # Quick Start
> 
> The purpose of this walkthrough is to allow a quick test for this plugin.
> Some docker containers will be used to allow this test:

Reviewer: We thought this was a DEV quick start, not generic quick start. A developer won't "test", they will setup their local environment (as you stated in the main README) and go from there. Suggestion:

```suggestion
# Dev Quick Start

The purpose of this guide is to help setting up a development environment for this plugin.
Some docker containers will be used:
```

+ Nexus
+ Keycloak
+ Postgres
+ XWiki

### Requirements

Requirement  | Minimum version
------------ | -------------
Java    | >= 8
Maven   | >= 3.8

> Docker  | >= 20

Reviewer: Add docker compose

Curl    | >= 7

Run the following command inside the quick-start folder:

```sh
$ chmod +x setup.sh
$ docker-compose up -d
```

## Nexus

+ Wait until nexus is ready, it may take a while.
+ URL: http://localhost:8081
+ User: admin
+ Password: get the password running the following command:
    ```
    docker-compose exec nexus cat /nexus-data/admin.password
    ```
+ Add admin permission to anonymous user.
    + Go to Administration menu, select User and click over anonymous user.

>         + Add nx-amin role to the annymous user.

Reviewer: I believe many of the previous comments were not resolved and may have been missed due to the file move. 
Expand the hidden conversations and check those. These two lines have 2 comments that were not solved.

You may choose to ignore some, assuming the person is a proper dev and has more knowledge, but some are related to broken style or English, which you should not.
